			 BACKTALK VANILLA INTERFACE
		   (c) 1996-2003  Jan Wolter & Steve Weiss

			      Version 1.3.5
	          Requires Backtalk Version 1.3.24 through 1.3.XX
		        or Backtalk Version 1.4.6 or later

DESCRIPTION:

The Backtalk Vanilla Interface is a set of scripts that implement a
simple interface to the Backtalk conferencing system.  It was originally
designed by Steve Weiss to be friendly to Lynx users.  It uses no images,
and makes minimal demands on the intelligence of the browser.

Vanilla was the first Backtalk interface implemented, and served as a test
bed for many of our ideas, but the author's interest in it is rather low
these days.  It is being maintained, but not upgraded.  Before Backtalk
version 1.3.0, vanilla was distributed as part of the main Backtalk
distribution.  Now it has been broken out as a separately distributed
interface, mainly because we don't think it is of much interest to many
people any more.

INSTALLATION:

(1) Make sure that you have the correct version of Backtalk installed.  The
    top of this file tells the minimum version of Backtalk needed to support
    this scripts in this package.  Later versions of Backtalk may or may not
    be compatible.  If we release a version of Backtalk not compatible with
    this interface package, a new version of this package will be released.

(2) Unpack the Vanilla distribution.

    OK, if you hadn't already done that, you wouldn't be reading this, would
    you?  We'll refer to the full path of the new directory containing the
    distribution as DISTDIR.

(3) Backtalk has a 'btinstall' script to simplify the installation of
    seperately distributed interface packages.  Btinstall assumes that the
    configuration of Backtalk hasn't radically changed since you used
    Backtalk's 'make install' commands to install the system.  If you've
    manually rearranged what goes where on the disk, btinstall will need
    some editing, or you'll need to install the interface manually.

    TO INSTALL USING BTINSTALL:

    (a)  Login either as root or as the user that owns Backtalk's files on
         your system.

    (b)  Find where the 'btinstall' script was installed, so you can run it.
         You want to be sure you get the installed copy of the program, which
	 has been modified with information about your installation, not
	 the one in the backtalk distribution directory.

    (c)  cd into the unpacked distribution directory, DISTDIR.

    (d)  Run 'btinstall'

    TO INSTALL WITHOUT BTINSTALL:

    This distribution contains a 'script' subdirectory which contains all
    the Backtalk scripts that implement the interface.  Unlike most interfaces,
    there is no 'image' directory, because vanilla makes little use of images.
    The contents of the script directory needs to be moved into directory
    named 'bubblegum' under Backtalk's script directory.  In a bit more detail:

    (a) Find the Backtalk script directory.  The default pathname is
        /usr/local/backtalk/script, but it will vary on different systems.
        Typically it will contain the config.bt script, the userinfo.bt script
        and subdirectories for all installed interfaces.

    (b) Create a new subdirectory under the script directory, called
        'vanilla'.  Make sure the directory is writable to the Backtalk
	account, so that compiled copies of the scripts can be written into
	it by Backtalk.

    (c) Copy all the files in DISTDIR/script to the new vanilla directory.

That's all.  Backtalk's 'welcome' page will automatically detect the
presence of the vanilla interface, and include it in the list of available
interfaces.

CUSTOMIZATION:

Unlike most Backtalk flavors, Vanilla hasn't got a config.bt file, so there
is no way to do much customization on it, sort of editing the various scripts
directly.
