			BACKTALK PAPAYA INTERFACE
		    (c) 2002  Jan Wolter & Steve Weiss

			      Version 1.1.5
	          Requires Backtalk Version 1.3.24 through 1.3.XX
		        or Backtalk Version 1.4.6 or later

DESCRIPTION:

The Backtalk Papaya Interface is a set of scripts that implement an interface
to the Backtalk conferencing system that is designed to be familiar to users
of Dave Thaler's Yapp web conferencing system.

The papaya interface was originally developed when Arbornet's M-Net system
converted from using Yapp's web interface to using Backtalk.  Jan Wolter
thought a more familiar interface might be welcomed by some users, and the
idea of a Yapp clone named "papaya" amused him, so he editted up a set of
pistachio scripts to form papaya.

Yapp's web interface is actually fairly configurable, and differs
substantially from one installation to another.  Papaya aims at the look
and feel that Yapp had on M-Net before the change over.  Making it look like
other systems which run different versions of web Yapp differently configured
may take some work.  Papaya also lacks most of the user options that Yapp
has.  For example, no framed version has been implemented.  There have been
many slight alterations to the screens, and some of the functionality that
pistachio had but Yapp lacked has been carried over into papaya.   Finally,
the author has only used yapp briefly, and likely got a lot of things wrong.
Especially he has never been a fairwitness or administrator on a web yapp
system, and so papaya's implementation of the special powers of such users
is probably quite different from Yapp's.


INSTALLATION:

(1) Make sure that you have the correct version of Backtalk installed.  The
    top of this file tells the minimum version of Backtalk needed to support
    this scripts in this package.  Later versions of Backtalk may or may not
    be compatible.  If we release a version of Backtalk not compatible with
    this interface package, a new version of this package will be released.

(2) Unpack the Papaya distribution.

    OK, if you hadn't already done that, you wouldn't be reading this, would
    you?  We'll refer to the full path of the new directory containing the
    distribution as DISTDIR.

(3) Versions of Backtalk after 1.1.4 have a 'btinstall' script to simplify
    the installation of seperately distributed interface packages.  Btinstall
    assumes that the configuration of Backtalk hasn't radically changed since
    you used Backtalk's 'make install' commands to install the system.  If
    you've manually rearranged what goes where on the disk, btinstall will
    need some editing, or you'll need to install the interface manually.

    TO INSTALL USING BTINSTALL:

    (a)  Login either as root or as the user that owns Backtalk's files on
         your system.

    (b)  Find where the 'btinstall' script was installed, so you can run it.
         You want to be sure you get the installed copy of the program, which
	 has been modified with information about your installation, not
	 the one in the distribution directory.

    (c)  cd into the unpacked distribution directory, DISTDIR.

    (d)  Run 'btinstall'

    TO INSTALL WITHOUT BTINSTALL:

    This distribution contains two subdirectories.  The 'script' subdirectory
    contains all the Backtalk scripts that implement the interface.  The
    'image' directory contains some button images.  These just have to be
    moved into directories named 'papaya' under Backtalk's script and
    image directories.  In a bit more detail:

    (a) Find the Backtalk script directory.  The default pathname is
        /usr/local/backtalk/script, but it will vary on different systems.
        Typically it will contain the config.bt script, the userinfo.bt script
        and subdirectories for all installed interfaces.

    (b) Create a new subdirectory under the script directory, called
        'papaya'.  Make sure the directory is writable to the Backtalk
	account, so that compiled copies of the scripts can be written into
	it by Backtalk.

    (c) Copy all the files in DISTDIR/script to the new papaya directory.

    (d) Find the Backtalk image directory.  This will normally be somewhere
        under your http server's document root.  The "imghost" symbol defined
	in config.bt gives the URL of this directory.

    (e) Create a new subdirectory under the image directory, called
        'papaya'.

    (f) Copy all the files under DISTDIR/image into this new papaya image
        directory.  These should all be readable by the http server.

That's all.  Backtalk's 'welcome' page will automatically detect the
presence of the papaya interface, and include it in the list of available
interfaces.

CUSTOMIZATION:

Papaya may be customized by editing the SCRIPTDIR/papaya/config.bt file.
After editting it, you should probably do "rm SCRIPTDIR/papaya/*.bb" to
delete any previously compiled scripts, forcing the system to recompile with
the new settings.

The main things to edit in this file are the colors of the background,
the names for things (is it a 'conference', a 'forum',
a 'room', or a 'discussion'?), and special feature switches.
Most of these are adequately explained in the config.bt file.

Only one set of button images is included in the distribution.
You can simply replace these with new images if you want to change the
buttons.  Their size does not have to be the same as the existing ones,
though you'll have screen formatting problems if you make the much wider.
