			BACKTALK WASABI INTERFACE
		         (c) 2004  Jan Wolter

			      Version 1.0.5
	          Requires Backtalk Version 1.4.6 or later

DESCRIPTION:

The Backtalk Wasabi interface was developed for Jan Wolter's weblog site,
Great Green Room (greatgreenroom.org).  Except it's not really a weblog as
such.  Instead of just displaying postings from the owner in cronological
order, wasabi presents the site owner's writings as a collection of
separate articles, each on its own page, with a sidebar linking to other
related or recent articles.  Readers may post responses to the articles,
but these are given less emphasis than they would in a normal conferencing
system, being displayed on a separate page.

Normally if you are using wasabi, then it will be the only interface that
you offer to your users.  It is not intended to be a general conferencing
tool like pistachio, abalone, bubblegum, vanilla, or papaya.

INSTALLATION:

(1) Make sure that you have the correct version of Backtalk.  The top of
    this file tells the minimum version of Backtalk needed to support this
    scripts in this package.  Later versions of Backtalk may or may not
    be compatible.  If we release a version of Backtalk not compatible with
    this interface package, a new version of this package will be released.

(2) Backtalk must be built with the --index=sql option for Wasabi to work.

(3) Unpack the Wasabi distribution.

    OK, if you hadn't already done that, you wouldn't be reading this, would
    you?  We'll refer to the full path of the new directory containing the
    distribution as DISTDIR.

(4) Versions of Backtalk after 1.1.4 have a 'btinstall' script to simplify
    the installation of seperately distributed interface packages.  Btinstall
    assumes that the configuration of Backtalk hasn't radically changed since
    you used Backtalk's 'make install' commands to install the system.  If
    you've manually rearranged what goes where on the disk, btinstall will
    need some editing, or you'll need to install the interface manually.

    TO INSTALL USING BTINSTALL:

    (a)  Login either as root or as the user that owns Backtalk's files on
         your system.

    (b)  Find where the 'btinstall' script was installed, so you can run it.
         You want to be sure you get the installed copy of the program, which
	 has been modified with information about your installation, not
	 the one in the distribution directory.

    (c)  cd into the unpacked distribution directory, DISTDIR.

    (d)  Run 'btinstall'

    TO INSTALL WITHOUT BTINSTALL:

    This distribution contains two subdirectories.  The 'script' subdirectory
    contains all the Backtalk scripts that implement the interface.  The
    'image' directory contains some button images.  These just have to be
    moved into directories named 'wasabi' under Backtalk's script and
    image directories.  In a bit more detail:

    (a) Find the Backtalk script directory.  The default pathname is
        /usr/local/backtalk/script, but it will vary on different systems.
        Typically it will contain the config.bt script, the userinfo.bt script
        and subdirectories for all installed interfaces.

    (b) Create a new subdirectory under the script directory, called
        'wasabi'.  Make sure the directory is writable to the Backtalk
	account, so that compiled copies of the scripts can be written into
	it by Backtalk.

    (c) Copy all the files in DISTDIR/script to the new wasabi directory.

    (d) Find the Backtalk image directory.  This will normally be somewhere
        under your http server's document root.  The "imghost" symbol defined
	in config.bt gives the URL of this directory.

    (e) Create a new subdirectory under the image directory, called
        'wasabi'.

    (f) Copy all the files under DISTDIR/image into this new wasabi image
        directory.  These should all be readable by the http server.

That's all.  Backtalk's 'welcome' page will automatically detect the
presence of the wasabi interface, and include it in the list of available
interfaces.

CUSTOMIZATION:

Wasabi may be customized by editing the SCRIPTDIR/wasabi/config.bt file.
After editting it, you should probably do "rm SCRIPTDIR/wasabi/*.bb" to
delete any previously compiled scripts, forcing the system to recompile with
the new settings.

My 'Great Green Room' page uses some other unusual configuration settings.
I recommend creating the conference with the web-based tools and then doing
a little manual file editing similar to what is below.  The Great Green Room
is actually just one conference called 'ggr'.  To make it the default
conference, edit the system conference hot list so that it is listed first.
This can be done through the admin web interface, or by editing the file
bbs/dflt.cflist

The conference config file is set to use a Yapp-style access control list to
control user powers.  The config file, bbs/ggr/config looks like this:

    !<pc02>
    .ggr.cf
    0
    jan
    acl
    Great Green Room

The fourth line defines user 'jan' as the fairwitness for the conference.
The fifth line, with the magic word 'acl' tells backtalk to load the acl
file.  This is a file in the conference directory name 'acl, and it looks
like this:

    r +all
    w +registered
    c +fwlist
    a +fwlist

That means anyone can read, registered users can respond to items, but only
the fairwitness can post new items.  To enable users to post comments without
registering or logging in, change it to:

    r +all
    w +all
    c +fwlist
    a +fwlist
