You've stumbled into Grex, wanderer, but you seem to be
lost....

Suddenly, right before you, a grizzled-looking hacker with
long, scraggly hair and copious amounts of facial scruff
materializes, seemingly from thin air.  He looks kind of
like Richard Stallman, but younger and thinner.

"So you want some help, eh?" he says, eying you up and down.
"Well, they used to say that Unix helps those who help
themselves, but things are a bit different around here, and
besides, that was a long time ago."

"Listen, you're logged into grex.org, which is a public
access Unix and conferencing system.  But you're new, see?
And we've had a lot of trouble with some new folks around
here, so we've given you a special shell that severely
restricts what you can do on our machine.  This isn't
permanent, you can request higher access, and we'll gladly
give it to you if you aren't trying to break us; this is
just to prevent abuse in the short term.

"In particular, you can only run the following Unix
commands:

	bbs
        cat
	clear
	help    (what you're reading right now)
	fortune
	lc	(this is the same as ls for these purposes)
	ls
	man
	party
        passwd
        pg      (sort of like more)
	ps
	pwd
	who

"Also, you can leave by typing any of exit, quit, bye,
logout or logoff.

"Some of these commands don't do quite what you're expecting
them to do, but others are very familiar.  There are also
some surprises, so be careful.  You can try to hack the
shell if you like, but we don't think you'll get very far."

"Oh, and if you want to access a *real* shell, then you need
to get validated or verified.  The easiest thing to do is
just type, 'validate' back at the prompt and follow the
instructions.  If you get stuck, send email to help@grex.org
and we'll see about getting you set up.  Make sure you include
your Grex login name!  Good luck, kid.

"Oh, and one last thing, if you don't run Unix or Linux,
here's a quarter for you: go get yourself a better
computer."

With that, he disappears into a fog of line printer chaf and
IBM 1403 ribbons and a coredump from the CMD JSYS leaving
you alone and back at...
