
                     Limitations of Grex
            (or, The Tragedy of the Electronic Commons)

    Because of the way the Internet has evolved, we have had to
institute certain restrictions for new users.  We are sorry to have
to talk about this so early on, but we need your help!

{pause}#

    First, WE ARE NOT AN INTERNET SERVICE PROVIDER.  This means
that we aren't a good place to store files, transfer files to or
from, etc.  Please do try out the conferences; we have many topics
ranging from the silly to the serious.  If that doesn't strike your
fancy, take advantage of us as a place to learn how to use Unix
and/or program.

    Upon creating your account, you will (unfortunately) find
yourself severely restricted in what you can access on our machine.
In particular, you will initially find yourself using a very
restricted shell that only provides access to a handful of Unix
commands.  You will have no outgoing network access at all; this
is blocked at the kernel level.

    Your first step is to validate your account.  This just lets us
know that there is a human being on the other end.  Type 'validate'
at the shell once you're logged in for more information.

{pause}#

    Once you have validated your account, you will have access to
a normal shell of your choosing and most of the standard compliment
of Unix software.  However, your outgoing network access will remain
restricted (again, the potential for abuse is just too high).  Upon
validation, there are certain things that we ask:

 1. We strongly encourage you to use mail elsewhere.  We simply
    do not have the staff resources to support email properly anymore.
    However, if you do elect to use mail on Grex, then please...
    A. DO NOT subscribe to large mailing lists and then forget about
       them!  If you decide to leave Grex, *please* unsubscribe
       yourself from the lists you are on.  Mail is the single most
       resource-intensive application on Grex and your help in
       curbing "mail bloat" is sincerely appreciated!
    B. DO NOT create mailing lists.
    C. DO NOT expect a lot of support for mail.  We will try where
       we can, but we just do not have the staff to help you most
       of the time.  Really, you are better off with GMail or
       something equivalent.

{pause}#

 2. Be aware that almost everything network related will not run unless
    you have verified your identity with the Grex staff.  In particular,
    you cannot run MUDs, talkers, IRC bots, or other such things here,
    because--again--the chance for abuse is just too high.

 3. ABSOLUTELY NO BOTS OR BOUNCERS ARE ALLOWED ON GREX.  NO EGGDROP!!!
    NO PSYBNC!!!

 4. Please read the Grex list of Frequently Asked Questions.  You
    can see it on the web at https://grex.org/faq.xhtml, or you can
    see it on Grex by typing "faq" at the prompt.

{pause}#

    The final step in using Grex is verifying your identity with
the Grex staff, thus giving you full access to Grex, including the
ability to write your own software that uses the network.  See the
Grex FAQ for more information on verification.

   From all the staff at Grex, thanks for your help with these
matters!
