ABALONE STYLE SHEETS

This directory contains a number of standard style sheets distributed with
Abalone.  This file provides some hints for people who want to make their
own.  A certain amount of weirdness here is because we are trying to support
a lot of different browsers.  People writing style sheets for personal use
may be able to get away with less.

Most of the page content in Abalone is formatted in tables, so most of the
styles are attached to the <TD> tags.  In many cases it would have been simpler
to attach styles to the <TR> tags, since usually a whole row is formatted the
same, but in Navigator 4, most settings on <TR> tags don't inherit into the
embedded <TD> tags.  Since Navigator 4 is still around a lot, we try to
accomodate it.

We avoid changing the behavior of standard tags, like <H1> or <EM>.  This is
because they may be used in HTML-style postings, and the authors of the
postings will expect standard tags to work in standard ways.  So all the
abalone-generated tags whose styles we want to manipulate have explicit
class names, like <TD CLASS=mast>, and it is these classes that we redefine
in the CSS file, using rules like:

   td.mast {background: blue}

The style sheets first define the style for "body".  This sets the text color
and background color for the page.  Usually this will be seen just around the
edges a bit, with only a small amount of text appearing.

Next we define the link colors.  The link colors are defined by 'a:link',
'a:active', 'a:visited'.  It is slightly useful to have visited links be a
different color from unvisited ones.

The standard templates use the same styles for links where ever they appear.
It may not always be possible to choose one link color that works against
all the different background colors you have.  In that case, you may want
to add rules that define different link colors in some areas, like:

  td.odd a:link {color: red}
  td.odd a:active {color: blue}
  td.odd a:visted {color: purple}

These will apply only to links inside <TD CLASS=odd>.  In this way you can
define different link colors for different parts of the document.

Abalone's page layouts haven't been completely standardized, and the class
names are not totally sensible, but basically the pages have the following
elements:

  Top Bar:  This is split in two parts.  The left part usually says "Hello".
     The right part contains several static links that are the same on all
     pages.  Separate styles are used for each half of this, although they
     normally have the same background color.  They are 'td.hello' and
     'td.tlinks'.

  Mast:  This is a region directly below the top bar.  It is usually the
     same color as the background, with the same font style.  It contains
     the pull-down navigation menu and sometimes some text or titles.  The
     'td.mast' style is used for this.
     
  Navigation Bar:  This appears only on some pages.  On the read page it
     contains links like 'Sitename > Confname > Item Title'.  Sometimes it
     contains other information.  It is traditionally the same style as the
     'odd' table rows.  The 'td.navbar' style is used for this.

  Column Header:  This contains either headers for the different columns of
     a table, or a title for the page.  No icons ever appear in the column
     headers, so this is about the only part that really works in a "light
     text on dark background" style.  The format of this is controlled by
     the 'td.colhead' style.

  Section Header:  Under the column header, we usually have rows on alternating
     background colors with occasion subheading rows inserted in a different
     color.  These subheadings are the 'section headers'.  Their style is
     controlled by 'td.sechead'.  'td.bigsechead' is a variation with large
     bold text, but the same background color.  This is traditionally the same
     color as the top bar, but there is no reason it has to be.

  Odd and Even Rows:  Most of the actual content is set in rows of alternating
     colors.  You'll want maximal readability in these.  Using dark backgrounds
     tends to make the control icons hard to see (since they only come in
     black and red).  The styles for these rows are 'td.odd' and 'td.even'.

  Alert:  Certain error messages are set in rows done in this style.  They
     aren't frequently seen.  Traditionally we used the same color as section
     headers, but something different might be nice.

These define the major sections of each page.  There are also a couple other
styles used here and there.

  .copyright:  copyright message at bottom of page.  Something small and
     illegible is fine.

  .small:  used in several places for smaller print.

  .big:  used in several places for bigger print.

  .bigbold:  used in several places for big bold-face print.

There are a bunch more styles used primarily when displaying items.  Since this
is the most important thing Backtalk does, we went to the extra trouble of
having specific classes for these

  .authfn:  Author's full name.  Usually small print, since it has to fit
      in a narrow box.
  .authid:  Author's login name.  Usually large print.
  .itemtitle:  Title of item at top of page
  .resphead:  'Response 7 of 8' kinds of messages at the top of each response.
  .respnote:  Notes about response, like parent links or 'edited' messages.
  .respdate:  Date of a response.  Usually small print.
  .respstat:  Response status messages that take the place of the text, like
      'erased' or 'hidden' messages.
  .jumpin:   Used for the table of scrolling links to set the non-link which
      shows the currently displayed range.
  .jumpout:  Used for the table of scrolling links to set links to other
      ranges.

There are a couple accomodations for bad browsers here too.  We always set
a 'font-family' explicitly when we set a 'font-size'.  Linux Netscape 4 won't
do resizes otherwise.

Macintosh IE by default uses a proportional font in textareas.  Responses
entered in such such textareas have their line breaks in places that look
weird when the response is displayed in a <PRE> format, as Backtalk does
for "plain text" responses.  So we set the font for textareas to 'monospace'
This seems to cause some browsers to use a very ugly font.  We need a better
solution.

The standard style sheets mostly specify font sizes by percentage.  This seems
to the most consistant results across many browsers.  However, IE 3 doesn't
do nested percentage scaling right, so we avoid nested scaling.

To add a new style to the list of options on the Abalone preferences page,
place the style sheet in the css/abalone directory and add it to the
script/abalone/css.bt file.
