		      BACKTALK GUMBALL/GUMDROP INTERFACES
		   (c) 2001-2003  Jan Wolter & Steve Weiss

			      Version 0.1.0
	          Requires Backtalk Version 1.3.1 or later
		  Requires Bubblegum Version 1.1.7 or later

DESCRIPTION:

The gumball and gumdrop interfaces aren't really separate interfaces.  They
are wrappers for the bubblegum interface that make it look as though there
is only one conference (gumball) or one item (gumdrop).  They are used when
you want to present users with a simplified view of a small part of your
conferencing system, so you use gumball to make what appears to be a single
stand-alone conference, or you can use gumdrop to make what appears to be a
single stand-alone item (like a guestbook or blog).  They present the same
interface as bubblegum, but with links to other conferences/items missing.

You must have bubblegum installed to be able to use this.  These are not
independent script sets - just some bubblegum wrappers.

Once installed, you can use gumball to access the foobar conference by
having the user enter on a link like:

  http://www.mysite.com/path/to/backtalk/gumball:foobar

Or you can have a user enter item 42 of the foobar conference by having
the user enter on a link like:

  http://www.mysite.com/path/to/backtalk/gumdrop:foobar:42

Obviously these interfaces don't prevent the user from accessing any other
conferences you may have installed, nor do they prevent users from using
other interfaces to access the conferences.  These are not intended as a
security tool.  There are other mechanisms in Backtalk to provide conference
security.  They merely provide the "appearance" of being independent
conferences.

INSTALLATION:

(1) Make sure that you have the correct version of Backtalk and Bubblegum 
    installed.  The top of this file tells the minimum version of each needed
    to support the scripts in this package.  Later versions of Backtalk may
    or may not be compatible.  If we release a version of Backtalk not
    compatible with this interface package, a new version of this package
    will be released.

(2) Unpack the Gumball distribution.

    OK, if you hadn't already done that, you wouldn't be reading this, would
    you?  We'll refer to the full path of the new directory containing the
    distribution as DISTDIR.

(3) Versions of Backtalk after 1.1.4 have a 'btinstall' script to simplify
    the installation of seperately distributed interface packages.  Btinstall
    assumes that the configuration of Backtalk hasn't radically changed since
    you used Backtalk's 'make install' commands to install the system.  If
    you've manually rearranged what goes where on the disk, btinstall will
    need some editing.  Installing gumball and gumdrop manually is more trouble
    than its worth.

    TO INSTALL USING BTINSTALL:

    (a)  Login either as root or as the user that owns Backtalk's files on
         your system.

    (b)  Find where the 'btinstall' script was installed, so you can run it.
         You want to be sure you get the installed copy of the program, which
	 has been modified with information about your installation, not
	 the one in the distribution directory.

    (c)  cd into the unpacked distribution directory, DISTDIR.

    (d)  Run 'btinstall'

    TO INSTALL WITHOUT BTINSTALL:

    This is more trouble than its worth.

That's all.

CUSTOMIZATION:

Gumball and gumdrop may be customized by editing the
SCRIPTDIR/gumball/config.bt and SCRIPTDIR/gumdrop/config.bt files.  These 
files are identical to the SCRIPTDIR/bubblegum/config.bt file.  If you want
the configurations to be the same, you may replace the gumdrop and gumball
config.bt files with links to the bubblegum/config.bt file.  Otherwise see
the bubblegum README file for information on the settings in the config files.

After changing the config files, you should probably do
"rm SCRIPTDIR/{gumball,gumdrop}/*.bb" to delete any previously compiled
scripts, forcing the system to recompile with the new settings.
